Zhao Zixuan, I can't control you anymore
Leave this house today
Dad and son will never dare again
Forgive your son
Don't call me dad
I'm not your dad
You said you were wrong.
Where are you sitting?
Tell me about it.
I shouldn't have bought those bottles and jars
As a result, the company's capital turnover is not open
Why did you buy those things?
Is it just for your own interest?
You don't even want the company anymore
This company is my heart and soul
Dad is that Xu Tao
I don't want to lose to him.
Don't want to lose to him
So you squander the money.
Ready to get angry with him
How do I
Giving birth to a useless thing like you?
From the moment you accept the company
How much did the company lose?
If I hadn't been behind you to help you wipe your ass
This family has long been defeated by you
God, what have I done?
The son is incompetent
You also know that you are incompetent
Now what?
The company's funds cannot be turned around
You really want to bankrupt our family?
Down the street?
Dad and son will figure it out
Tell me what you can do
Mengqi is such a good girl, I don't cherish it
Don't think I don't know what you do every day
My life's work has been ruined by you